# data-science-handbook
Curated list of resources to advance your analytics in Data Science. In the right way. 



##### Table of Contents  
[Headers](#headers)  
[Emphasis](#emphasis)  
...snip...    
<a name="sd">Headers</a>

sdsds
## Time Series 
One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.>
One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.One possible (semi-automated) solution is Eugene Kalinin's github-markdown-toc. This tool essentially crunches through your README.md file and snarfs out #'s headings to create a TOC.

## sd